Hello, I want to tell you about
basics of picking
and finger positioning on indian
flutes
yes indian is it ban quarrel and so on
about sound or
his extraction here we have an ear cushion
such a large slightly oval
hole for a start to learn
correctly retrieve and
more or less achieve more me cleaner
sound we won't cover your fingers and
fingers and holes just learn and
blowing the right sound for this what
we need to present when
flute pipes like that deploy it here
so it is done in order to
determine with lips exactly the center of the hole
when we blow we blow on
opposite edge of the hole is she
acute with us and
the air get in here cut through due
it turns out the sound from the hands up first
we do not close but just learn
blowing grandfather we do you can come to
mirror and see what we have
the hole is formed because we are so
we may not feel first
just blow how tea feel the studios
something else so slightly as if doing
a smile is not very straining lips
a little bit their stretching and then we will
minimum spend air and maximum
achieve the frequency of the sound he watch
hear I identified the center pushed here
and
and here it sounds to me if you all did
as I said, but still did not work
tooth we try type
and find a clear sound like this
way check turning the flute on
I scroll chest akulinu on his save and
when heard so fix and
train
here
it concerns the first octave from the second
octaves a little harder because well this
only later will be exploring the possibility of
take a video about it there need to double
blow harder and more stretch
this clown smile like this
achieve maximum concentration and
accuracy and airflow i will now say
a couple of words she's putting fingers
initially and before the exchanges the flute would be desirable
close it with slippers
you can you
do and so but here it is the technique
putting her fingers on principle is possible
but it does not allow to achieve and
technical moments in the game she can
as if holding down movement and you ca n't
open and and quickly open and quickly
close here is the last hole here
and there is still more or less that's left hand
especially because traditionally staging
hands like this done at the finger rests
here here and the bows are closed
phalanxes of the middle part of here
index average so the middle part
both land but it already turns out
pad here and here and so
respectively right hand so so and
played trucks what else I want to say that
this moment is very important
staging
because you need to feel very
strongly holes holes and but with time
especially we will come and if they are minimal
and that's about myself slits appear if
you for sure
unless you close very so plump
this is all holes titan the force of the hole
how and what generally use or three
or and love or all 6 yes well it will not
get the sound it will be this type
error you just will not work
because if you blow and feel that
different that does not work then look for
The problem is that somewhere looking here
preferably initially when you study
just like that nut Kate said first
just let the sound then set
the correct setting of the fingers will
a little boil because you need more
a little stretching we need a flute not
the smallest flutes like that
and then one hole at a time
sound is extracted
but
Well, I think he said to start it
enough or enough well naturally what
need preferably before playing there and so
have free time stretch your fingers
stretch them a little bit because it's not
and diagonal pasting how when
especially stretching is not necessary transverse where
need to substitute fingers and
to not have the flexibility and move and
closes the screen open and still say
a few words about what moments of the game
happen to be taking halftones
on this flute slider taken floor
opening at any of the holes
turns out and
for example now listen as determined
one note and hopping with
half tone to tone
but
this is done a little while opening
like and or play this sound effect
which is also traditional for this type
flute and
given to indian music which is played
Well, thank you for such years.
attention to all bye